Implementation Details:

1. Edward Maxwell - Game background, Enemy visual, Game music, Rocket Fire/Hit sounds
	A. Game background: Implemented a Texture2D background with a layer depth of 1 to make it the background of the game.
	B. Enemy visual: Updated the enemy alien picture to a colored image that way it differentiates from black background.
	C. Game music: found and implemented the background music which plays on a loop.
	D. Rocket Fire/Hit sounds: found/edited and implemented sounds for when the ship fires a rocket as well as when the rocket hits an enemy.

2. James Dodge - Enemy movement, Rocket/Enemy collision, enemy death/score, Multiple enemies
	A. Enemy Movement: Enemies will move from one side of the screen to the other. When one enemy hits a border, all enemy speed (movement) will reverse. 
	B. Rocket/Enemy collision: Bounding boxes are created for all enemies and user rockets. Check to see if any enemy's boxes are overlapping with any user rockets.
	C. Enemy death/score: If a user rocket hits any enemy, delete both the enemy and the rocket. Increment the score counter.
	D. Multiple enemies: Included multiple sprites which are enemies in different colors to be used based on which level you are on

3. James Torres - Game over detection, Rocket/Ship collision, Ememy/Ship collision
	A. Game over detection: The process of checking all enemies and enemy rockets locations against the ship location
	B. Rocket/Ship collision: Rockets now stored in vector3. Checks all rockets in the game for a rockets that have a -1 z component.
		Then checks if those rockets that are an ememies are overlapping with the ship. Also, made the rockets randomly shoot from the enemies. 
		Also increased the frequency at which the rockets are shot as the levels increased.
	C. Ememy/Ship collision: Checks all ememy locations against ship location for an overlap/collision. 
		If there is it should flag the game for gameover.

4. Kiera Wheatley - Level advancement, enemy respawn, enemy speed-up, game over text
	A. Level advacement: Once all the enemies are defeated, increment the level
		integer	variable and update the text on the screen appropriately.
	B. Enemy respawn: Once the level is beat, fill the enemy vector again.
	C. Enemy speed-up: For each level incremented, multiply the enemy speed by a
		factor of what level you are on.
	D. Game over text: One game over is detected, display the appropriate text.

5. Wyatt Roehler - Ship movement, rocket firing, ship texture, rocket texture.
	A. Ship movement: When the left or right arrow key is pressed (both wil result in no movement) the ship will move in the appropriate direction until
		it reaches the edge of the game space.
	B. Rocket firing: When the space bar is pressed a rocket will be fired and placed into a list until it collides with an enemy or the edge of the game area. 
		Each rocket requires the space bar be released and then pressed again to prevent prevent spamming rockets by holding down the space bar.
	C. Ship texture: The ship texture was created to be on an alpha map and scaled to fit in the game area.
	D. Rocket texture: The rocket texture was created to be on an alpha map and scaled to fit in the game area.
